System : is a final class in  java.lang package.
out : is a static member of system class. It is an instance of java.io.PrintStream. This stream is already open and ready to accept output data.
println : is a method of java.io.PrintStream .It is an overloaded method.

SetSpeed () :  For specific amount of time it will stop the execution for every selenium command.

4	JXL API doesn’t support rich text formatting	POI API supports rich text formatting
5	JXL API is faster than POI API	POI API is slower than JXL API
JXL supports “.xls” format i.e. binary based format. JXL doesn’t support Excel 2007 and “.xlsx” format i.e. XML based format	POI jar supports all of these formats


26) Explain what is Datadriven framework and Keyword driven?

Datadriven framework:  In this framework, the test data is separated and kept outside the Test Scripts, while test case logic resides in Test Scripts.  Test data is read from the external files ( Excel Files) and are loaded into the variables inside the Test Script.  Variables are used for both for input values and for verification values.

Keyworddriven framework: The keyword driven frameworks requires the development of data tables and keywords, independent of the test automation.  In a keyword driven test, the functionality of the application under test is documented in a table as well as step by step instructions for each test

Is there any difference between an argument and a parameter?

While defining methods, you pass variables which you refer as parameters. And when you call these methods and pass values for the variables then they are phrased as arguments.

how webdriver works
When the automation script is executed, the following steps happen:
for each Selenium command, a HTTP request is created and sent to the browser driver
the browser driver uses a HTTP server for getting the HTTP requests
the HTTP server determines the steps needed for implementing the Selenium command
the implementation steps are executed on the browser
the execution status is sent back to the HTTP server
the HTTP server sends the status back to the automation script