1) Diff b/w Static and Non static Members
2)Explain about Diamond problem in Java.
3)Explain about Ploymorphism.
14 wat is polymorphism? method overloading and method over riding?
1. What is method overloading?
2. What is method overriding?
4.what is the difference between array & arrayList?
5.What do u mean by mutable & string is mutable or not?
6.difference between stringbuffer & strringbuilder
7.what is Interface & abstract class. Difference between them?
8.What is Type Casting? Give example?
9.Which collections are u used in ur project? 
10.Write a program for string reverse?
3)How to achieve Multiple Inheritance in Java?
4)What is Polymorphism? What are the different types of   Polymorphism?
6)What are the different kinds of Access Specifiers?Explain   their visibilty?
7)In which type of Collection Dupplicate values are not   allowed?
8)How to check whether two names or two Strings are equal or   not?
9)What are Annotations?What is the use of Annotations?
10) Why Multiple Inheritance is not supported 
11Wat s constructor.
16.Interface and why we use it
17.diffrence between interface and abstract class,and when we use interface,when we use abstract class
18.explain oop's concept
1.what is class and why we use class
2.what is inheritence and why we use it,write a code
4.code to find a particular word from a string and explain line by line
6.explain public static void main
7.access specifiers and their use
8. Function of garbage collector.how to stop garbage collector not to
clear the memory?
1. What are oops concepts?
32. what is inheritance?
33.Diff b/w overload and override
39. Write a java program for swapping of two numbers?
40. Write a java program for factorial of a given number
41.What is the different between inheritance and interface.?

3.hashmap vs hashtable?
4.array vs arraylist
15.what is nullpointer expection?
1.Give an example for abstraction(writing program)
4:what is reflection API? with example
Ex: Reverse a given statement 
Input: “This is a book”
 Output: “book a is This”
10. what is dynamic and static polymorphism , give real time example 
what is abstraction?
what is encapsulation?
what is polymorphism?
what is abstract class how it use for us?
what is encapuslation?
what is abstract class ,method  how u handle  it ?
difference between throw and throws?
explain try catch block?
What is final method in java
How do you call function in java
6. difference between Hash map , Hash Table and Arraylist ? asked in synechron
8. there are one string say Aattribute , so write a code to find the repeated word in that string 
and it should work for case insensitive(work for lower case and upper case) asked in synechron.
16.string reverse .
6.What is binding(Early and Late binding)
1.What is the Difference between final,finally,finalize
2.what is the difference between Call by value and call by referance
3.How to find out the length of the string without using length function
4.How to find out the part of the string from a string
5.difference between throw & throws

1.Reverse a number
2.1,2,3,4,5,65,76,5,,4,33,4,34,232,3,2323,
find the biggest number among these
simple string programe.
how to take screenshot 
give the diagram write a scrpt..



